---
title: Terms
---

Please read these Terms and conditions ("Terms") before using the Skole
application (the "Application"). By using Skole you accept these Terms and
conditions. These Terms govern your use of Skole.

### 1. Licenses

Subject to these Terms, Skole Oy hereby grants you a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited right and license to use the
Application as provided by Skole Oy, for your personal non-commercial use, in
the manner permitted by these Terms ("License"). The rights granted herein are
subject to your compliance with these Terms and with all applicable local,
national and international laws and regulations.

### 2. Restrictions on Use

You agree not to do any of the following:

2.1 Commercially exploit the Application by distributing, leasing, licensing,
selling, renting or otherwise transferring or assigning the Application, or any
content from it;

2.2 Use the Application for creating a product, service or software that is,
directly or indirectly, competitive with or in any way a substitute for the
Application;

2.3 Access, tamper with or use non-public areas of the Application, servers, or
the technical delivery systems of the Application providers;

2.4 Breach, avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair or otherwise circumvent
any technological measure implemented to protect the Application (e.g.
authentication measures);

2.5 Use the Application for any commercial purpose or the benefit of any third
party or in any manner not permitted by these Terms;

2.6 Attempt to decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software
used to provide the Application;

2.7 Interfere with the access of any other user by sending a virus,
overloading, flooding or spamming the Application;

2.8 Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;

2.9 Collect or store any personally identifiable information from the
Application from other users and

2.10 Violate any applicable law or regulation or encourage or enable any other
individual to violate any applicable law or regulation or any of the
restrictions stated hereinabove. These restrictions survive termination of the
License.

### 3. Intellectual Property Rights

For purposes of these Terms, "Application IPR" means including but not limited
to all intellectual property rights to the idea, design, source code, copyright
and trademarks related to the Application.

For purposes of these Terms, "Content IPR" means including but not limited to
all intellectual property rights to the texts, graphics, images, audio, video,
works of authorship of any kind, and information or other content that is
posted, generated, provided or otherwise made available through the
Application. However, all of the content is free to use for academic purposes
or public research.

All rights relating the Application IPR, whether protected or not, (1) are the
exclusive property of Skole Oy and its licensors, (2) are protected by the
applicable international and national legal provisions, and (3) are under no
circumstances transferred in full or in part within the context of the Licence
to use the Application. All rights relating to content IPR, whether protected
or not, (1) are the exclusive property of You. By using the Application, You
hereby transfer all user rights to such content IPR to Skole Oy and its users
for the purposes of and within the context of the Terms to use the Application.

You also retain all the copyrights to your content. You are responsible for
owning all the required copyrights for any content you upload. You are also
responsible that all of your content complies with all applicable laws. If your
copyrighted content has been uploaded without your permission and you wish for
it to be removed, please contact us at
[hello@skoleapp.com](mailto:hello@skoleapp.com).

By using the Application, you undertake to respect Application IPR and content
IPR, as well as those intellectual property rights owned by third parties. You
agree not to remove or alter any copyright, trademark, service mark or other
proprietary rights incorporated in the Application IPR or content IPR. Subject
to your compliance with these Terms, you are granted a limited, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to download, install, view, copy
and display the content solely in connection with your permitted use of the
Application and solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes. The use
of the Application is solely licensed to You. Title to the Application shall
remain with Skole Oy. Skole Oy shall reserve the right to change, suspend,
terminate, remove, impose limits on the use of or access to, and disable access
at any time without notice and will have no liability for doing so.

### 4. Information Collection and Use

Skole Oy may collect information in relation to the functionality and usability
of the Application and any content uploaded by you through the Application. In
exchange for use of the Application, you hereby grant Skole Oy an exclusive,
royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully transferable and sub-licensable
worldwide right and license to use the content uploaded by You for any purpose
including, but not limited to the rights to reproduce, copy, adapt, modify,
perform, display, publish, broadcast, transmit, or otherwise communicate to the
public by any means whether now known or unknown and distribute your
contributions without any further notice or compensation to you of any kind for
the whole duration of protection granted to intellectual and industrial
property rights by applicable laws and international conventions. If not
expressly prohibited by mandatory legislation, you hereby waive any moral
rights of paternity, publication, reputation, or attribution under applicable
law. These termsâ€™ grants to Skole Oy, and the above waiver of any applicable
moral rights, survives any termination of these Terms.

### 5. Third party services

The application may permit access to products, services, websites,
advertisements and content from advertisers, publishers, vendors and other
third parties. Your use of third party services may be subject to additional
Terms of use set by the third parties. Please study the third party Terms and
conditions carefully as they constitute an agreement between you and the
applicable third party service provider. Your use of third party services is at
your sole risk and discretion. Skole Oy shall have no liability to you arising
out of or in connection with your access to and use of the third party
services.

### 6. General license conditions

The application contains features that allow you to submit, post and display
content. You agree not to use or allow others to use the Application, directly
or indirectly through your device in a way that violates these Terms. You are
solely responsible for any liability arising out of any user-submitted content
or content uploaded by You. You are solely responsible for arranging adequate
data backup procedures for the data uploaded through the Application. Skole Oy
is not responsible for providing you with backups of any data deleted by You.
Information collection and use; Privacy Policy

By installing, accessing or using the Application, you consent to the
information collection and usage. Skole Oy shall respect your privacy rights
and recognize the importance of protecting any information collected about you.
Skole Oy privacy policy is available at
[https://www.skoleapp.com/privacy](https://www.skoleapp.com/privacy) ("Privacy
Policy") and applicable to these Terms. Privacy Policy defines how, why and to
which extent Skole Oy collects and uses personal and non-personal information
in relation to the Application. By installing and using the Application you
explicitly agree with the Terms of privacy policy.

### 7. Liability

The application is provided "as is" and the use of and reliance upon the
Application and any third party services related thereto is at your sole risk
and discretion. Skole Oy hereby disclaims any and all representations,
warranties and guarantees regarding the Application and third party services.
Furthermore, Skole Oy hereby disclaims any and all liability related to any
third-party intellectual property rights that violate Your right to upload
content to application. Under no circumstances will Skole Oy be liable for any
consequential, direct, incidental, indirect, punitive or special damage related
to the use, the inability to use and/or errors or omissions in the contents and
functions of the Application. Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Skole Oy and its agents, directors,
employees, information providers, licensors, licensees, officers and/or
affiliates harmless from and against any and all liability and costs, including
attorneys' fees and costs, incurred in connection with any claim arising out of
any breach by you of these Terms. You will cooperate as fully as reasonably
required in the defense of any such claim.

### 8. Termination

These Terms shall be effective until terminated. Skole Oy may, in its sole and
absolute discretion, at any time and for any or no reason, disable the
Application or suspend or terminate these Terms and the rights afforded to you,
with or without prior notice or other action by Skole Oy. Upon the termination
of these Terms, you shall cease all use of the Application. Skole Oy shall not
be liable to you or any third party for compensation, indemnity, or damages of
any sort as a result of terminating these Terms. You may at any time cease to
use the Application and this way terminate these Terms.

### 9. Updates

Skole Oy reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or
remove portions of these Terms by updating the changed Terms in the
Application. You will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to
use the Application.

### 10. Applicable law

These Terms and the use of the Application are governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of Finland.
