---
title: 'Benefits of Being Part of a Student Association'
excerpt: 'Being an active member of a student association can be really beneficial.'
coverImage: '/images/blogs/benefits-of-being-part-of-student-association.jpg'
author: 'Werneri Aarnio'
authorImage: '/images/authors/werneri-aarnio.jpeg'
date: '2021-03-01'
minutesToRead: 3
slug: benefits-of-being-part-of-student-association
---

Student associations offer a great way to network with people, gain valuable
soft skills and a chance to influence your studies. In this blog post I'm going
to go through the reasons why to join student associations. Although student
association activities are voluntary work and do not involve financial
incentives, the benefits gained through them are nonetheless extremely
valuable. This blog covers the aspects of student association activities which
I think are most valuable and gives concrete examples of what I have personally
gained from them.

### Social Network

Networking has become almost a cliché nowadays, but it really is one of those
things of which importance cannot be understated, even though the benefits of
it might show up much later in life. In the future, one of your fellow students
could recommend you for your dream job or even become your business partner, on
top of bringing you all the joys of a strong friendship. So being active in
student communities is actually more than just having fun together. Also, what
I personally saw really useful, was being able to ask help for my studies from
anyone in my student association. It's especially nice to be able to get help
from older members of the association who have already struggled through the
same course previously and can give you the best tips. The power of the shared
knowledge of a student community is one of the biggest themes behind Skole as
well!

### Valuable Skills And Advices

Student associations commonly organize a wide variety of different sized
events. Organizing events is a great opportunity to learn skills that will be
useful in the future as well. Organizing skills, leadership, budgeting, and
collaboration are all skills that you can learn from event planning, and all of
them are very useful in the working life. Not to mention the advice you can get
and skills you can learn from others who you are working with. For example,
maintaining or developing an association website is an excellent opportunity to
get experience about a real software project. My student association has a
programming club that organizes various coding related events from which one
can pick up a lot of concrete skills that are often not taught in class. I
think that they are a really good way to complement the sometimes too
theoretical lectures, and they are also a great place to get to know people who
are already in the industry.

### Opportunity to Influence

Being part of different student organizations gives you also a great chance to
change things. If anything in your studies needs improvement, don't be afraid
to make a move to improve them. I know some people who liked working as part of
a student association and have made their career from it. So student activities
should not be underestimated or considered unnecessary work, even if you may
not be paid for it right away. 

### Sum Up

In summary, I would say that feel free to accept any association work whether
it's big or small. I’ve certainly not tried everything, and not all work is
necessarily nice in the moment, but the potential benefits you can get from
them really cannot be overestimated. Your next job may be the result of good
work you've done in your association. Who knows?
